hi everyone this is have enough from
phone bunch and today we are
benchmarking the new Moto e 2nd gen it's
a 3G wadn't which is available right now
from Flipkart for b6 triple 9 now it
runs android 5.0.2 lollipop right out of
the box you can see the new start task
manager now before jumping into
benchmarks let's have a look at hardware
specifications so you can see right
there it's a Moto e 2 NS running on
android 5.0.2 you have 4.5 inch qHD IPS
display in the front 540 by 960 pixels
now the 3g variant available in india is
powered by a Snapdragon 200 Adreno 302
GPU you have 914 mb of ram available out
of 1gb to the system 4.5 kicks of
internal storage 5 megapixel rear
autofocus camera and you also have a VGA
camera this time around a 2390 mAh
battery it's non removable and you have
a proximity sensor light sensor as well
as an accelerometer all working fine but
now let's start with the benchmarks the
first one we are going to run as an to
do have you have fast forward all the
benchmarks to get to the results quickly
now the Moto e scored seventeen thousand
seven one one which is a very good score
for this chipset bytes trailing quite a
bit behind the redmi 2 as well as the
lenovo a6000 the major competition that
is available within the same price
bracket next up we are going to run lena
mark - it's a graphics benchmark will
give us an FPS score and we got 50 1.1
FPS again lagging behind the competition
arena 3:02 is definitely not the most
powerful graphic solution available
right now now we are going to run
quadrant benchmark this has been fast
word as well
on quadrant we got a score of 9 9 to 5
clearly lagging behind the redmi 2 and
the lenovo a6000 both of which run on
the Snapdragon 410 chipset why is much
higher than the Intel dual core bearing
zenfone 5 1.2 gigahertz now we are going
to run Vellamo
HTML 5 chapter this was specifically
tests the browsing capabilities on the
device and to some extent general
usability so you got a score of 15 58
again decent score higher than the
zenfone 5 but lower than both the
Snapdragon 410 bearing competition now
we are going to run the metal chapter of
LMOs
Desa pressing capabilities of the device
and we caught a very good score of 724
now for these chipset these cores are
actually pretty good so you can
understand the optimization that has
gone into it but then again it's no
match for the Snapdragon 410 found on
the redmi 2 now we are testing
multi-touch capabilities I have five
fingers six fingers and you can see only
five are detected so it's a five point
multi-touch display here I'll just show
you that apps are actually moveable to
the external storage so you can see
right here that you can go ahead and
move apps the data part will need to be
in the internal storage so you won't be
able to install many high-end games
since you are restricted to just 4.5
gigs so you would be able to install one
or two larger games but yes you can at
least move app part now let me just plug
in the USB storage and you can see that
it has not been detected and it's not
mounted either so USB OTG is not
supported on this device well folks that
was a benchmark of the new Moto e 2nd
gen now this one is actually performing
much better than what the results show
in terms of comparison yes you would
find that the Moto e is clearly the
underdog here but overall in terms of
general usability and performance it's a
pretty good device lollipop doesn't
stutter on it but yes the Snapdragon 200
is no match to the Snapdragon 410 found
in the competition within the same price
bracket will be back with more don't
forget to subscribe like and share any
questions do it us in the comment
section stay tuned to phone mentor come
for the latest in mobile technology
thanks for watching and as always have a
great day